PAY-5710: First iteration of the Payment Services drop-in documentation (#162)
commerce-docs/microsite-commerce-storefront: src/content/docs/dropins/payment-services/installation.mdx

---
title: Payment Services installation
description: Learn how to install the Payment Services drop-in component on your site.
---

import OptionsTable from '@components/OptionsTable.astro';

Before you can use the Payment Services component on your storefront, you must [configure the Services Connector](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/commerce-learn/tutorials/admin/adobe-commerce-services/configure-adobe-commerce-services-connector) and [onboard](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/commerce-merchant-services/payment-services/get-started/onboard) the Payment Services extension in the Adobe Commerce Admin.

:::note

> The [Payment Services extension](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/commerce-merchant-services/payment-services/release-notes#v2100) supports drop-in component capabilities from versions 2.10.0 and newer.

Reviewer: I would phrase it the other way around, i.e., from the POV of the drop-ins, not from the POV of the Luma extension. Something like: the Payment Services drop-in requires the Payment Services extension 2.10 or higher.

Author: makes sense, thanks Jordi!

---
title: Payment Services installation
description: Learn how to install the Payment Services drop-in component on your site.
---

import OptionsTable from '@components/OptionsTable.astro';

> The Payment Services drop-in component provides a customizable UI for the checkout process. The checkout compoennt is designed to be integrated into a your storefront and provides a seamless checkout experience for customers.

Reviewer 2: `compoennt` -> `component`

Reviewer 2: `into a your storefront`` into your storefront` ?

Author: weird, those changes should have been fixed with a PR I merged yesterday

Author: thanks!

Author: that text was a mistake, thanks for the catch @virfaure !

> The Payment Services drop-in component provides a customizable UI for the checkout process. The checkout compoennt is designed to be integrated into a your storefront and provides a seamless checkout experience for customers.

Author: ```suggestion
The Payment Services drop-in component allows users to efficiently oversee payment and order data from all of your storefronts in one place — your Commerce dashboard. By leveraging Payment Services, merchants can focus on growing their business while providing their customers with a smooth and trustworthy checkout experience.
```

> The Payment Services drop-in component allows users to efficiently oversee payment and order data from all of your storefronts in one place — your Commerce dashboard. By leveraging Payment Services, merchants can focus on growing their business while providing their customers with a smooth and trustworthy checkout experience.

Reviewer 3: Delete this topic. The remaining drop-in-specific installation instructions are legacy and hopefully will be deleted soon. Move the Admin stuff to the overview topic

## Installation

The Payment Services component relies on containers from several other drop-in components, you must install and configure those components before you can use the Payment Services component to place an order.

The [Commerce boilerplate template](https://github.com/hlxsites/aem-boilerplate-commerce) includes all of the necessary drop-in components and configurations to help you get started quickly, so Adobe recommends relying on the boilerplate instead of installing, configuring, and integrating the drop-in components individually.

## Admin configuration

Before you can use the Payment Services component on your storefront, you must [enable](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/commerce-merchant-services/user-guides/integration-services/saas) and [configure the Services Connector](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/commerce-learn/tutorials/admin/adobe-commerce-services/configure-adobe-commerce-services-connector) in the Adobe Commerce Admin.

> 

Reviewer 4: To use Payment Services, merchants also have to go through onboarding - https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/commerce-merchant-services/payment-services/get-started/onboard
Just enabling and configuring Services Connector is not enough.

Author: Thanks @AVoskoboinikov !, I'll mention too about the minimum version of the extension
